HalloweeN 4

THE RETURN OF MICHAEL MYERS

We open on a black screen. 

SUPERIMPOSE: OCTOBER 30, 1988

FADE IN ON:

EXT. ABANDONED FARM - AFTERNOON

A large, run down farm.

CLOSE ON: 

A cardboard skeleton nailed to the wall of a shed.

CLOSE ON: 

A bed sheet in the form of a ghost. It's gently swaying 
back and forth in the wind. 

CLOSE ON: 

A half finished barn. A tumbleweed blows by the screen.

CLOSE ON: 

A scarecrow with a pumpkin for a head. It sits on a 
tractor, an axe by his side. 

CLOSE ON: 

A fence. A sharp piece of farm equipment is hanging from 
it.

CLOSE ON: 

A Halloween style weathervane.

EXT. ROAD - NIGHT - RAINING

An ambulance appears in the distance, it's headlights 
barely penetrating the wall of darkness. It's a large and 
lonely road, surrounded on either side by a thick wall of 
towering trees.

POV 

We are looking in on the two PEOPLE in front. They're both 
men in their thirties or forties. They don't talk to each 
other, just stare straight ahead. We see movement through 
the tiny window at the back. 

EXT. RIDGEMONT STATE PENITENTIARY

The ambulance pulls up to the gate. The driver honks the 
horn. A GUARD comes running out of a building. He turns on 
his flashlight, looks inside the ambulance, then at his 
clipboard. He waves them through.

		GUARD
Okay.  Go on through. 

INT. RIDGEMONT STATE PENITENTIARY

Another GUARD pushes a button on a control panel and the 
doors slide open. A MAN AND WOMAN rush in, wet. 

		ATTENDANT
All metal objects into the tray.  

	
They put the objects into the tray.

		ATTENDANT
Purpose of visit?

		MAN
A patient pickup and transfer to Smith's Grove.

		ATTENDANT
You're late.

		MAN
Yeah.  Should be on the road. 

		ATTENDANT
Yeah, ha, hell of a night huh?

		MAN
Real charmer.

		ATTENDANT
I'll take you down there. 

		MAN
All right. 

The man and woman follow the attendant through hallways.

		ATTENDANT
First time here, huh?

		WOMAN
Hope it's the last. 

		ATTENDANT
You never get used to the faces.  Never.

		VOICE
					         (screaming) 
AHHHHHH!

		MAN
Jesus.


		ATTENDANT
Jesus ain't got nothing to do with this place. Come on. 

They step into an elevator.

		ATTENDANT
Yeah this is where society dumps its worst nightmares.  
Yeah the one your picking up-just thinking about him gives 
me the willies.  Yeah, a decade ago, Halloween night he 
murdered 16 people, maybe more-trying to get to his sister.  
Nearly got her too.  But his doctor, of all people, shot 
him six times.  Then he set him on fire.  Both of them 
nearly burned to death.  Yeah, I'll be glad to see this one 
gone. Oh yes in deedie. 

He opens the elevator door.

		ATTENDANT
Welcome to Hell.

The scene switches to a person all bandaged up laying in a 
hospital bed. A NURSE talks to DR. HOFFMAN.

		NURSE
Doctor? The transfer personal are here.

		DR. HOFFMAN
Smith's Grove?

		MAN
Yes.

		DR. HOFFMAN
I'm Dr. Hoffman, Medical Administrator.

		MAN
Has he been prepped?

		DR. HOFFMAN
Ready to go.  Who signs for him?

		MAN
I do.

		DR. HOFFMAN
Outside. 

		MAN
(To woman) 
Check him out. 

The man and the Dr. Hoffman both leave the room while the 
woman goes to check out the patient. She feels for his 
blood pressure and then his hand falls out from under the 
sheet.  The scene then goes to the Dr. and the man.

		MAN
I'd assumed Dr. Loomis would be here.  Michael Myers was 
his patient. 

		DR. HOFFMAN
If Loomis read memos he's be here. Fortunately his position 
is more ceremonial then medical. My hope is that he's 
either transfer, retire, or die. 

		WOMAN
All right.  Lets move him.

EXT. RIDGEMONT STATE PENITENTIARY

Michael is being wheeled out to the ambulance.  

		MAN
Watch it. 

		DR. HOFFMAN
I can safely say that Michael Myers is now in your hands. 

		MAN
Yeah.  Well I guess your happy to see him go.

They put Myers in and close the doors.

		MAN
					          (cont'd)
Night Doc. 

		DR. HOFFMAN
Drive Carefully. 

They drive off, leaving Hoffman standing there. He's glad. 
Michael Meyers is finally away from him. 

INT. AMBULANCE

The woman and man are talking, an unconscious Michael 
Meyers between them.

		WOMAN
Did Hoffman say anything about living relatives?

		MAN
Yeah A niece living in his home town. 

CLOSE ON:

Michael's hand. It slowly grips his blanket. The terror has 
awakened...

RESUME ON MAN AND WOMAN

		WOMAN
And?

		MAN
And? She's too young to be his legal ward.

		WOMAN
So the state owns him? Great.

		MAN
You know I still don't understand...

Suddenly, Michael's hand shoots forward, grabbing his head. 
The woman screams as Michael repeatedly pushes the man's 
head into a wall. Blood smears along the wall. The woman 
sinks down onto the floor, screaming.

		WOMAN
No!

Michael digs his finger deep into the man's skull, drawing 
blood.

CUT TO:
 

INT. CORRUTHERS' HOUSE/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT

JAMIE LLOYD, Laurie's nine year old daughter, sits on the 
couch, staring out the window. An ambulance sits outside. 
Jamie is very pretty with dark hair. SUNDAY, the family 
dog, sits next to her. RACHEL, the Corruthers' only 
daughter, comes into the living room. She's about 16, 17. 
Her blond hair falls around her shoulders. She sits down 
next to Jamie.

		RACHEL
Kido. It's four in the morning.

		JAMIE
I can't sleep.

		RACHEL
What is this? Four nights in a row?  You going for a record 
here?  The seven year olds insomniacs hall of fame?

		JAMIE
Do you love me Rachel?

		RACHEL
Oh, serious questions tonight.  Of course I love you.

		JAMIE
Like a sister?

		RACHEL
Jamie, sometimes it's...

		JAMIE
Like a real sister?

		RACHEL
We're not real sisters Jamie, but that doesn't mean I love 
you any less.

Jamie looks out the window and sees that the ambulance is 
gone. 

		JAMIE
Sure it does. 

		RACHEL
I know you miss your parents, its hasn't been that long.

		JAMIE
It's been eleven months. 

		RACHEL
Your mother used to baby-sit me when I was your age.  I bet 
you didn't know that. 

		JAMIE
Your lucky.  I wish she could do the same for me. 

		RACHEL
Come on Jamie, lets go back to bed.  Come on Sunday. 

She calls Sunday and he follows them.

INT. JAMIE'S ROOM

		RACHEL
Sleep tight.  We'll have French toast for breakfast, okay? 
Come on Sunday. Night night. 

She leaves, closing the door behind her. The window is 
open, band wind blows inside, chilling the room. Jamie 
walks over to close it, and as she does, she passes her 
vanity, with a large mirror in the center surrounded by two 
mirrors on both sides. Thunder lights up the room, and 
Michael, mask in place, is seen in the mirror. Jamie 
doesn't notice. 

Jamie closes the window and looks around. She walks to the 
closet and opens it. She sits on the floor and picks up a 
box. She takes off the lid and goes through the various 
pictures inside. She comes to a picture and pulls it out. 
It's a picture of Laurie holding a pumpkin, smiling. Jamie 
begins to cry. Thunder rumbles outside. Jamie puts the 
picture back in the box and closes the closet door. She 
walks over to her bed and gets on her knees, about to pray.

		JAMIE
Now, I lay me down to sleep I pray the lord my soul to 
keep, if I should die before I wake I pray the lord my soul 
to take.  God bless Mr. and Mrs. Corruthers. God bless 
Rachel, God Bless Sunday, god bless me. And god bless Mommy 
and Daddy in heaven.  Amen. 

She's about to crawl into bed when the closet door creaks 
open. Strange. Jamie slowly stands up and walks over to the 
closet. She grabs the door and opens it. On the floor is 
her doll. She picks it up and sets it on a shelf. Jamie 
turns, but a creak noise behind her grabs her attention. 
She looks back into the closet, but of course nothing is 
there. She stands for a minute, her mind in overdrive. She 
dismisses the noise and closes the door.

She walks to her bed as thunder rumbles in the distance. 
Again, the closet door creaks open. Jamie just stands 
there. Why is the door opening? She slowly heads towards 
the closet, her eyes roaming the room. Suddenly, a hand 
snakes out from under the bed and grabs Jamie! She screams 
ans falls to the floor. Her tiny hands flail about on the 
floor, trying to find a handhold. She kicks and gets her 
foot free. She races towards the door. At the bed, a figure 
sits up and turns to face us, even though he is bathed in 
darkness. Lighting cracks outside, and the room is 
illuminated. It's Michael! Jamie screams and runs to her 
door, but it won't open.

		JAMIE
Help! Help me, please! 

Michael stands up. He has a knife in his hand.

		JAMIE
Help me! Somebody help me!

She finally gets the door open, only to reveal... MICHAEL, 
knife high in the air, prepared to strike. Jamie screams 
and backs up in fear as Michael advances.

EXT. HALLWAY

A door flies open and DARLENE, Jamie's foster-mother, runs 
out into the hall, closely followed by RICHARD, Jamie's 
foster-father.

		DARLENE
Jamie!

INT. JAMIE'S BEDROOM

Darlene flings the closet open to find Jamie, eyes closed, 
clutching the box full of pictures. Darlene drops to her 
knees and embraces Jamie.

		DARLENE
Oh dear God. Its all right...a bad dream, just a nasty old 
dream. 

		RICHARD
It's okay..it's okay. 

Richard takes Jamie in his arms.

		RICHARD
Your gonna be fine. Just fine.

EXT. CORRUTHERS' HOUSE - MORNING

They're house is a nice red brick with two stories. Looks 
to be early Victorian style. In the streets, children ride 
bikes and walk. 

SUPERIMPOSE: HADDONFIELD, ILLINOIS OCTOBER 31, 1988 
HALLOWEEN

INT. CORRUTHERS' KITCHEN

Darlene is making eggs. Richard bends down to pick up his 
coffee and his tie dips into it.

		RICHARD
Dammit, Darlene.

Darlene looks over and sees his tie, wet. The phone rings.

		DARLENE
Clean one in the laundry room next to your blue slacks. 
(Picks up phone) Hello?

		RICHARD
Honey, this tie has a spot on it, I can't wear this today. 
I got a 10:30 with Chuck.

Rachel comes into the kitchen and begins opening cabinets 
and pulling out stuff. She goes over to where Darlene is 
talking.

		DARLENE
		(into phone) 
Hang on Mrs. Pierce. 
(to Richard) 
Not that tie, on the other side. 
(to Rachel) 
That's not the only thing your eating Rachel.

		RACHEL
Mom, I'm on a diet. You want an oinker for a daughter?

		RICHARD
Found it.

		DARLENE
		(into phone) 
Sorry. Do you suppose Susan could just bring her crutches? 
Oh, stupid question. Tell her I hope  she feels better. 
(hangs up) 
Susan's mother, she can't baby-sit tonight.

		RICHARD
Why not?

		DARLENE
Susan broke her ankle last night at the ice rink 
(turns to Rachel) 
Rachel?

		RACHEL
Mom, please

		DARLENE
You'll have to watch Jamie tonight. 

		RACHEL
Not tonight. I've got that date with Brady. You know how 
important that is. 

		DARLENE
Well tonight is very important for your father and me.

		RACHEL
Can't you find somebody else?

		DARLENE
Its too late. 

		RACHEL
What am I supposed to tell Brady? Sorry, but I've got to 
baby-sit my foster sister, go and have fun by yourself.

		DARLENE
Its not exactly the end of the world, for goodness sake

Jamie appears in the doorway. Rachel doesn't notice her.

		RACHEL
Sure it is. I think tonight Brady was ready to make a 
commitment.  But now my future relationship, my engagement, 
my marriage, my children, your grandchildren, have all been 
wiped out because I have to baby sit tonight. 

		JAMIE
I'm sorry I ruined everything. If I wasn't here you could 
go out. 

She runs off. Rachel groans.

		RACHEL
Oh...

		RICHARD
Good job Rachel. That little girl needs all the love we can 
give her right now and all you can do is think about 
yourself.

Rachel gets up and heads out of the kitchen.

INT. JAMIE'S ROOM

There's a knock at the door. It opens and Rachel comes 
inside. Jamie sits on the bed, petting Sunday. Rachel sits 
down.

		RACHEL
Jamie, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that. I can go out 
with Brady tomorrow night. Its no big deal. 

		JAMIE
But you wanted to go out tonight. It's my fault that you 
can't.

		RACHEL
Well tonight we're going to do something better. We're 
going to go trick-or-treating.

		JAMIE
I don't want to.

		RACHEL
It's Halloween. I mean don't you want to get dresses up in 
a really scary costume and get some candy? 

Jamie just sits there. Rachel has to try a different 
tactic.

		RACHEL
How about this afternoon I pick you up from school and we 
go get ice cream?

		JAMIE
Double scoops?

		RACHEL
		 (laughs)
Double scoops. Now lets get some breakfast.

INT. RIDGEMONT STATE PENITENTIARY CORRIDOR

DR. LOOMIS walks down the hallway, limping. He has burn 
scars on his face and hand. He walks to a door.

INT. DR. HOFFMAN'S OFFICE

Hoffman sits at his desk, typing.

		LOOMIS
Why wasn't I notified?

		DR. HOFFMAN
About what?

		LOOMIS
You know damn well about what.  You let them take it out of 
here.

		DR. HOFFMAN
For Christ sakes. Spare me the speech. I've listened to it 
for a decade.  The fact is that Michael Myers was a federal 
patient, and a federal prisoner therefore he is subject to 
federal law.

		LOOMIS
We're not talking about any ordinary prisoner Hoffman! We 
are talking about evil on two legs.

		DR. HOFFMAN
I can see this is useless.

		Loomis
Do you know what today is? Do you know the date? Everyday I 
look at myself in the mirror and everyday I remember. Look 
at me Hoffman, take a good look. 

He holds up his hand and indicates his face.

		LOOMIS
I don't want to have anyone live through that night again. 

		DR. HOFFMAN
I've said this before. I think your the one who needs 
medical help.

His phone rings. He answers it.

		DR. HOFFMAN
Yes, Dr. Hoffman...I see...I see...thank you. 

He hangs up. He looks at Loomis, not sure how to say this.

		DR. HOFFMAN
Apparently there was an accident. Just south of Mill Creek 
near the...

But Loomis isn't listening. He bolts to the door.

		DR. HOFFMAN
Loomis! Loomis!

EXT. ROAD/ACCIDENT SCENE

Road flares are lit and tossed on the ground. Police tape 
is strung up. Loomis's car comes roaring down the road. It 
pulls up to the accident scene. An OFFICER waves them, on. 
The car comes to a stop and Loomis and Dr. Hoffman climb 
out.

		LOOMIS
Is that it? 

He points to the overturned ambulance in the pond.

		DR. HOFFMAN
Yes. 

A COP comes over to them. 

		DR. HOFFMAN
When did this happen?

		COP
Sometime in the night. They probably lost the road in the 
storm. Come down the embankment. It happens. 

		DR. HOFFMAN
An accident?

		COP
Yes, sir.

		LOOMIS
Do you believe that?

He starts walking towards the pond. Dr. Hoffman can't 
believe Loomis.

		DR. HOFFMAN
Why shouldn't I?

		LOOMIS
How many people in the bus?

		DR. HOFFMAN
Four plus Myers.

		LOOMIS
How many bodies did you find? 

		COP
It's hard to tell, there all chewed up.

		DR. HOFFMAN
Loomis, it's over. Leave it alone. 

Loomis just stands there for a minute, then walks into the 
pond. The water is not very high, and Loomis uses his cane 
for support. He walks to the back of the ambulance and 
looks inside. Everything is bloody. The bed is tipped and 
splattered with blood. Loomis knows what happened. He 
knows. Loomis turns away from the scene of bloody carnage 
and walks back to shore.

		LOOMIS
He's gone. He was here, and he's gone.

		Dr. HOFFMAN
Did you find any other bodies?

		COP
Not yet. There's a lot of ground to cover.

		LOOMIS
You won't find him. He's done all this. Now he's escaped.

		Dr. HOFFMAN
You don't know that. Michael could have been thrown from 
the bus. 

		COP
I've seen bodies thrown 50-60 feet from a crash site. 

		DR. HOFFMAN
Look, even if by some miracle Michael is conscience, his 
muscles would be totally useless.  Give the troopers a 
chance to search. 

		LOOMIS
Your talking about him as if he were a human being. That 
part of him died years ago.

He begins walking back to his car.

		DR. HOFFMAN
Now where are you going?

		LOOMIS
Haddonfield. It's a four hour drive. You can reach me 
through the local police. If you didn't find him in four 
hours, I'm sure I will.

INT. GARAGE/GAS STATION

A MECHANIC works underneath a car. He calls out to another 
mechanic.

		MECHANIC
Hey, Gar! How about a 9/16 wrench over here?!

He gets no response. He wipes off his hands with a rag and 
slides out from underneath the car. He gasps. 

MICHAEL

stands above him, pole in hand. He smashes it into the 
mechanic's stomach, killing him instantly.

EXT. GAS STATION

Loomis's car pulls up to the gas station. Loomis turns the 
car off and gets outside. He yells out to the gas station.

		LOOMIS
Hey! Hey there! Hello? 

No response. Loomis grabs the gas nozzle. He bends his 
license plate back and unscrews the cap lid.

POV - THROUGH GARAGE WINDOW

Someone is watching Loomis as he pumps gas. 

ANGLE ON - LOOMIS

He finishes pumping the gas and places the nozzle back on 
the pump. He reaches into his coat for his wallet. He walks 
into the garage.

INT. GARAGE

Loomis searches through the garage.

		LOOMIS
Hello? Hello? Is anybody here? Hello? Hello?

Loomis passes a big hook, and suddenly there's a rattling 
behind him. He turns to see the mechanic, tied up with 
chains, dead. Loomis races outside.

EXT. GARAGE

Loomis races for the small store next to the garage.

INT. STORE

Loomis throws open the door and looks around.

		LOOMIS
Is anybody here? 

No response. Loomis pulls out his small gun. He spots a 
phone behind the counter. He races to it, but stops when he 
sees the dead waitress laying on the ground.

		LOOMIS
God in heaven. 


He looks at the phone, but it's broken. Loomis glances 
around the store, and sees a pay phone on the back wall. He 
walks over to it and grabs the phone. The cord has been 
ripped out. Suddenly, he feels eyes on his back. He turns.

		LOOMIS
Michael? 

And sure enough, there is Michael, wearing a pair of 
coveralls, standing in the doorway to the kitchen.

		LOOMIS
Why now? You waited 10 years. I knew this day would come. 
Don't go to Haddonfield. 

He takes a step closer to Michael.

		LOOMIS
If you want another victim take me, but leave those people 
in peace. Please Michael...God Damn you...

He raises the gun and fires two or three times before 
realizing Michael is gone... He rushes to the window and 
peers outside. He hears a car door slam close.

EXT. GAS STATION

Loomis comes outside and looks around.

		LOOMIS
Michael?!

Suddenly, the garage door breaks open as the towing truck 
comes roaring outside. Loomis takes aim and fires, but his 
bullets do nothing to stop the truck. Loomis jumps out of 
the way. The truck hits one of the pumps, tossing it into 
the air. Fire erupts, engulfing the other pump, then 
Loomis's car. A huge explosion ensues. Loomis jumps behind 
some barrels. The truck takes off down the road. The fire 
spreads to the electrical pole and blows the fuse box. The 
wires snap free. 

INT. JAMIE'S SCHOOL

The bell rings and all the children come pouring out. They 
all wear costumes, except Jamie. She goes over to a rack 
and grabs her lunch box. Three KIDS surround her.

		BOY 1
Hey Jamie! Where's your costume?

		BOY 2
Where's your mask? Or are you wearing it?

		JAMIE
I don't need to wear a stupid costume.

		BOY 1
That's because everyday is Halloween at Jamie's house. 
Right Jamie. Because your uncle is the bogeyman.

The kids start chanting bogeyman.

		GIRL
How come your mommy didn't make you a costume?

		BOY 2
How could she? Her mommy's dead.

		BOY 1
Jamie's Mommy's a mummy.

		JAMIE
Stop it okay? Stop it

She starts walking away. The kids begin chanting, "Jamie's 
an orphan."

		JAMIE
Stop it. Please Stop it. 

EXT. SCHOOL

Jamie runs outside, but the kids' chants still haunt her. 
She runs over to a tree and begins crying. She immediately 
stops.

		JAMIE.
You're okay. You're okay. 

A car pulls up. Rachel sticks her arm out and waves.

		RACHEL
Jamie! 

Jamie turns. Rachel notices that something is wrong.

		RACHEL
Jamie, are you okay?

Jamie gets in the car and they drive off.

INT. CAR

Jamie sits in between Rachel and her friend Lindsay.

		RACHEL
You remember Lindsay don't you?

		LINDSAY
Hi Jamie.

		JAMIE
Hi. 

		RACHEL
You ready for some Ice Cream?

		JAMIE
I wanna go trick-or-treating like the other kids.

		RACHEL
But I thought you didn't want to go trick-or-treating.

		LINDSAY
You know Rach, Discount Mart is having a sale on Halloween 
costumes. 

		RACHEL
No. Brady's working there till 6:00 today.

		LINDSAY
I know! Don't you want to talk to him?

		RACHEL
I don't want to look pushy.

		LINDSAY
You won't look pushy.

		RACHEL
Well I don't want to come on too strong. A guy hates a girl 
to come on strong. Fragile egos and all of that. 

		LINDSAY
You won't come on too strong.

		RACHEL
Well I don't want to seem desperate or anything.

		LINDSAY
Fact it Rach, you are desperate. (silence) Your just going 
to go in and buy a costume for Jamie. Perfectly legit. 

		RACHEL
I don't know. 

		LINDSAY
Well do I drop you off at the Discount Mart or the Dairy 
Queen?

		RACHEL
Jamie? 

		JAMIE
The Discount Mart. Can we get Ice Cream after?

		RACHEL
You bet.  

They continue driving.

INT. DISCOUNT MART

WADE, a teen around Rachel's age, tries on sunglasses, 
looking into a mirror. But he's really staring at KELLY, a 
beautiful blond teen with looks that could kill. The only 
problem is she's Sheriff Meeker's daughter. BRADY, Rachel's 
boyfriend, and another GUY are by Wade. Brady stands behind 
a counter while the guy stands next to Wade. 

		BRADY
Hey Wade, why don't you go ahead and make your move?

		WADE
Don't rush me Brady. Timings got to be premo.

		BRADY
Yeah well, money talks and bullshit walks. you know what I 
mean? 

He throws a wad of bills onto the counter.

		GUY
Double or nothing you don't ask Kelly out. 

		BRADY
All right, ten bucks. Lets see it. 

Wade and the guy place their money on the counter.

		GUY
He's not gonna do it.

		BRADY
Chicken.

		GUY
Don't forget man, she's Sheriff Meeker's daughter

		WADE
Her Daddy don't scare me. 

He makes his way over to Kelly, who is standing on a step 
stool, placing bottles onto a shelf. Wade coughs to get her 
attention. She turns and looks at him.

		KELLY
Fuck off Wade.

Wade turns to Brady and the guy, hurt. Kelly goes back to 
shelving bottles. Brady and the guy start laughing.

EXT. DISCOUNT MART

Lindsay's car pulls up to the curb and stops. Rachel and 
Jamie get out. Rachel calls to Lindsay.

		RACHEL
Call me.

		LINDSAY
Okay, bye.

They go inside and Lindsay drives off. We see a familiar 
tow truck sitting opposite the Discount Mart...

INT. DISCOUNT MART

Brady immediately spots Rachel and Jamie as they walk 
inside.


		BRADY
Rachel! What are you doing here? I thought I was supposed 
to pick you up?

		RACHEL
Jamie needs a Halloween costume.

		BRADY
					          (to Jamie)
You do? Okay. Go down aisle A. We've got the best costumes 
in the whole town.

		JAMIE
					         (to Rachel)
Come on Rachel.

		RACHEL
In a second. 

Jamie heads for the costumes aisle while Rachel talks to 
Brady.

		RACHEL
We need to talk.

		BRADY
Okay sure. What about?

		RACHEL
Its about tonight.

CUT TO:

Jamie, wandering the aisles. There are all sorts of masks. 
She passes by a white one. She looks through the racks and 
sees a clown costume.

		JAMIE
Rachel, I found the perfect costume come see.

CUT TO:

Rachel and Brady kissing. Rachel pulls away.

		BRADY
What?

		RACHEL
My parents baby-sitter canceled.

		BRADY
So?

		RACHEL
So I have to watch Jamie tonight.

		BRADY
When did you find this out?

		RACHEL
This morning.

		BRADY
Well you found out this morning? Why didn't you tell me 
before? I mean it's 5 o'clock now Rachel...shit

		RACHEL
Don't get angry.

		BRADY
I'm not angry it's just 

Kelly looks over. A plan is forming in her head.

		BRADY
Can I come over after Jamie's asleep?

		RACHEL
My parents are going to come home early tonight.

					BRADY
So?

		RACHEL
I don't know Brady.

		BRADY
Okay, I guess. I'll call you later. 

He walks away.

CUT TO:

Jamie looks at herself in the mirror with the costume. On 
another aisle, a burned hand reaches down and grabs the 
white mask. Jamie continues to look into the mirror, when 
suddenly her image changes to a little boy in a clown 
costume holding a knife. She steps back in fear and bumps 
into Michael. He pulls on the white mask. He reaches out 
for her and Jamie screams. She backs up into the mirror, 
shattering it. Shards of glass go flying. Jamie sinks to 
the ground. Rachel comes running over, and Michael is no 
where to be seen.

		RACHEL
Jamie, what happened?

		JAMIE
It was the nightmare man

		RACHEL
What?

		JAMIE
He's coming to get me Rachel. 

Kelly walks over.

		RACHEL
Your okay. You probably saw a mask and it scared you. At 
least your not cut. Come on, lets go home.

Brady, Wade, and the Guy come over.

		GUY
Everything okay?

		RACHEL
She'll be fine.

They get up and leave. Nobody notices Michael's reflection 
in a broken piece of glass...

EXT. ROAD - MIDDLE OF NOWHERE

Loomis walks down the road, beat. His throat is parched and 
his feet are tired, but he marches on. A station wagon 
speeds down the road, and Loomis tries to flag it down, bit 
it speeds past him. A car speeds past him, then stops. It's 
full of CHEERLEADERS and a GUY

		GUY
Come on old man!

Loomis begins hobbling towards the car while the 
cheerleaders shout at him to hurry. As he gets closer, the 
car takes off, making dust fly into the air. We can hear 
the people laughing. Loomis stands in the road, rejected. 
Suddenly, there's a honk behind him. He turns to see a 
truck, PETE SAYER at the wheel.

		SAYER
Get in here old man.

Loomis walks over to the truck and gets in.

INT. TRUCK

A very old, beat up truck. Sayer is an old, eccentric man 
living in his own fantasy land.

		LOOMIS
Thank you.

					 	SAYER
Anything for a fellow pilgrim. Sometimes we need help 
getting where we want to be. (sneezes) Reverend Jackson 
Pete Sayer of Dumon County, please to make your aquanauts.
 

		LOOMIS
How far are you going, Mr. Sayer?

		SAYER
Gods Country, Promise Land. Where are you heading Mr..ah

		LOOMIS
Loomis. Haddonfield.

		SAYER
Car trouble?

		LOOMIS
Sort of.

		SAYER
Your hunting it, ain't ya? Yeah, your hunting it all right, 
just like me.

		LOOMIS
What are you hunting, Mr. Sayer?

		SAYER
Apocalypse, end of the world, Armageddon. Its always got a 
face and a name. 

He takes a drink of the liquor.

Hunting the bastard for 30 years give or take. Come close a 
time or two. Too damn close. You can't kill damnation Mr. 
it don't die like a man dies.

		LOOMIS
I know that Mr. Sayer.

		SAYER
Oh your a pilgrim all right. I saw it on your face back 
there in the dust. I saw it clear as Breasts and blue suede 
shoes. Would you like a drink? (Hands Loomis the bottle who 
takes it.)

EXT. HADDONFIELD - NIGHT

It's Halloween night, and the children are out. But not all 
are collecting treats. A few KIDS throw toilet paper over a 
tree, then run away laughing.

INT. CORRUTHERS' HOUSE

Richard and Darlene are at the front door, getting ready to 
leave. Jamie is in the kitchen scraping off a plate.

		RICHARD
Okay Jamie, we're leaving. Where's Rach?

		JAMIE
I don't know.

Rachel comes into the living room.

		RACHEL
Here I am. 

		RICHARD					    
Come on, hon.

He takes Jamie's hand and leads her into the foyer. 

		DARLENE
How do we look?

		RACHEL
You guys always look great.

		DARLENE
We'll be at the Fallbrooks. The number's next to the phone. 

		RACHEL
I know, and next to that is the police, hospital, fire, and 
probably National Guard.

		RICHARD
I want you two to have fun tonight. Make sure Jamie's in 
bed by 9:30.

Rachel opens the door and her parents step outside.

MICHAEL'S POV - THROUGH BUSHES

Richard and Darlene are at the doorway.

		RACHEL
You're gonna be late. You don't want to blow your 
promotion.

		RICHARD
Don't make fun. Tonight is the difference between vacations 
in Bermuda, or spending another two weeks in Cleveland with 
your grandmother. 

		RACHEL
So hurry up.

		JAMIE
Bye. 

		RICHARD
See ya.

		RACHEL
Good luck, Dad. 

They leave. 

INT. LIVING ROOM

Jamie turns to Rachel, barely containing her excitement.

		JAMIE
Rachel, can I go get my costume on?

		RACHEL
Yeah, hurry up. 

Jamie hurries upstairs. Rachel makes sure she's upstairs, 
then walks into the living room.

MICHAEL'S POV - THROUGH WINDOW

Rachel walks into the living room. The POV walks past the 
brick wall to the other window. Rachel is sitting in a 
chair, phone to her head.

		RACHEL
Is Brady there?
(pause)
He's not back from work yet?
(pause)
Okay...Well when he comes in could you tell him to drop by 
at about eight. I should be home by then.
(pause)
This is Rachel. Okay, bye. 

Rachel hangs up, depressed. She calls up to Jamie.

		RACHEL
Come on Jamie, your gonna miss all the good Candy. 

INT. JAMIE'S ROOM

Jamie sits on her bed, clown costume on. She pulls on the 
small face mask, which looks like a dorkier version's of 
Robin's mask. 

EXT. CORRUTHERS' HOUSE - MICHAEL'S POV

Rachel gets up off the chair and moves out of our line of 
site.

		RACHEL
Come on Jamie. 

EXT. CORRUTHERS' HOUSE - FRONT LAWN

We see Jamie come running down the steps. She opens the 
front door.

		JAMIE
Come on Rachel!

		RACHEL
Coming.

		JAMIE
I thought you said you were ready.

		RACHEL
I'm ready. I'm ready. Okay, let's go.

They leave the house, Jamie excited. Rachel closes the 
door. And off they go.

INT. CORRUTHERS' HOUSE - MICHAEL'S POV

He's making his way upstairs. 

INT. JAMIE'S ROOM

The box full of pictures has been thrown down, all the 
pictures scattered. A burnt hand comes into view, and 
starts going through the pictures. They are pictures of 
Laurie and Jamie at an earlier age.

INT. POLICE STATION

Loomis comes in.

		LOOMIS
Ah, I need to speak with Sheriff Bracket.

HANK, the cop on duty, turns from his desk.

		HANK
Well then, you'll have to travel about 3 thousand miles 
south of here.

		LOOMIS
What?

		HANK
Bracket retired in '81. Went to St. Petersburg

		LOOMIS
Oh. Well, who's the new Sheriff?

BEN MEEKER, the new sheriff of Haddonfield, walks over to 
Loomis. He's a man in his early forties with an air of 
power. Not a man whom who should cross.

		MEEKER
I am. Ben Meeker.

		LOOMIS
Oh, Sheriff Meeker, my name is Dr. ...

		MEEKER
					         (cuts him off) 
Loomis. Folks around here aren't likely to forget your 
face. At least not cops. So what brings you back here after 
10 years?

		LOOMIS
Michael Myers has escaped from Ridgemont. He's here in 
Haddonfield.

		MEEKER
That's impossible. Michael Myers is an invalid.

		LOOMIS
He's here, Sheriff.

		MEEKER
Why?

		LOOMIS
10 years ago he tried to kill Laurie Strode, and now he 
wants her daughter.

		MEEKER
Are you talking about Jamie Lloyd?

		LOOMIS
Where ever she is, that little girl is in mortal danger.

		MEEKER
Myers has been locked up since before she was born. He's 
never laid eyes on her. 

He turns his back, and starts to move off.

		LOOMIS
Six bodies, Sheriff! That's what I have seen between here 
and Ridgemont. A filling station in flames. I'm telling you 
Michael Myers is here in this town. He's here to kill that 
little girl and anybody that gets in his way. 

		MEEKER
Hank, call the troopers and check his story out. 
(to Loomis ) 
And assuming what you say is true..

		LOOMIS
Its true, Sheriff.

		MEEKER
All right, all right. Its true, what the hell can we do to 
avoid a repeat of what happened 10 years ago?

		LOOMIS
Find this little girl, get her somewhere safe. Call the 
local T.V. station. Tell them to get people off the streets 
and behind locked doors.

		HANK
Can't get long distance, Sheriff. Operator says the lines 
are down.

		MEEKER
					           (to Loomis)
All right, lets go.

		LOOMIS
When he makes that call.

		MEEKER
All right. Pierce, do it. Lets check on this little girl. 

He and Loomis leave the station.

EXT. STREETS OF HADDONFIELD

Jamie is at a house, getting candy. 

		JAMIE
Thanks! 

She takes off to the next house. Rachel can hardly keep up.

		RACHEL
Jamie, wait for me.

		JAMIE
This is great Rachel. Come on. 

She takes off for the next house. Rachel is less than 
enthused. She slowly makes her way to the next house, a mob 
of kids running past her. Jamie is already at the next 
house. She knocks on the door. A WOMAN answers the door.

		JAMIE
Trick-or-treat.

		WOMAN
My what a cute little clown. Lets see what I have for you. 
There you are, sweetheart.

		JAMIE
Thank you.

		RACHEL
Thank you.

		WOMAN
You're welcome.

They get back on the sidewalk. 

		RACHEL
Had enough?

		JAMIE
No way! Halloween's great. Can we stay out all night?

		RACHEL
Forget it kido. We're home by eight o'clock. 

They cross the street and meet a group of four kids, one of 
whom is the boy who teased Rachel.

		KID 1
Look, there's Jamie.

Jamie and Rachel stop. 

		KID 1
That clown costume is really cool.

		JAMIE
Really?

		KID 2
Yeah.

Nobody notices Michael, standing across the street, hidden 
in the shadows of the garage.

		KID 1
Hey wanna go with us?

Jamie looks to Rachel for permission.

		RACHEL
Go ahead.

The kids run to another house. It's a brick house with two 
stories, an attic, and a basement. The kids ring the 
doorbell. The door opens to reveal Kelly Meeker, wearing a 
long T-shirt that says, "Good cops do it by the book." She 
sees Rachel and glances back into the house.

		KELLY
Hi Rachel. 

		RACHEL
Hi.

Kelly starts to give the kids candy, a big smile on her 
face. Rachel glances back into the house and sees Brady 
come down the stairs. Rachel can't believe it. As the kids 
start to leave, Rachel turns in disgust and follows. Brady 
comes racing out of the house.

		BRADY
Rachel! Rachel!

Kelly stops him.

		KELLY
Brady!

		BRADY
Just a second.

He races off after Jamie.

		BRADY
Rachel, I've got an expl-- I've got an explanation.

		RACHEL
You don't owe me anything.

Jamie walks on with the rest of the kids.

		KID
Hey Jamie come with us.

		JAMIE
Okay!

Jamie follows the other kids, leaving Rachel and Brady to 
argue.

		RACHEL
Just leave me alone and lets forget it.

		BRADY
No, you don't understand. 

He glances over at Kelly standing in the doorway.

		BRADY
I mean, you blew off our date at last minute. 

		RACHEL
So you hop on to the next best thing? I thought you were 
different from other guys.

		BRADY
I am different, it's just that I just got pissed 
off...that's all.

		RACHEL
Oh really? Well, I'll just let you get back to little Ms. 
Hot panties. 

She starts to walk away.

		BRADY
Rachel!

But Rachel doesn't care.

		RACHEL
Jamie! 

Brady puts his hands behind his head and watches Rachel go. 
He messed up big time.

		KELLY
Brady, are you coming in or what?

Brady takes one more glance at Rachel then goes back 
inside. Rachel looks around for Jamie, but doesn't see her 
or the kids she was with.

		RACHEL
Jamie! Jamie! Great Rachel, just great.

INT. BAR

A very noisy bar, just like any other. A T.V. positioned 
behind the bar is turned on.

		REPORTER
By order of the Sheriff's office, all citizens of 
Haddonfield are asked to clear the streets.

EARL, the store's proprietor, watches the news.

		EARL
Everybody shut up a goddamn minute. Shut up!

		REPORTER
All businesses are asked to close as soon as possible.

		GUY
What's all that shot about, Earl? 

Earl picks up a phone and starts dialing the police station

		GUY
Not like 'ol Ben Meeker do something like that.

		EARL
Sure ain't. Martians could land on Ben's doorstep, all he'd 
do is spit once and get himself a shot gun.

		GUY
Who you calling?

		EARL
Police station. I ain't closing down with out a good 
goddamn reason.

		GUY 2
Well?

		EARL
It just rang. 

He hangs up and takes a swig of a beer. Then he's off. He 
looks at the others.

		EARL
Well, come on. Jackie, watch the register for me, hun.

		JACKIE
You got it Earl.

As Earl and the other men leave, all the other people in 
the bar stop what they are doing and follow.

EXT. BAR

Earl and the other pile out of the bar.

		GUY
What's going down?

		GUY 2
Where are we going Earl?

		EARL
We're going to Ben's. The phone never just rings at a 
police station.

		GUY
No way. No how.

		GUY 2
Wake up the Sheriff.

They all get in their trucks and rive off. A hillbilly mob.

INT. CORRUTHERS' HOUSE

The door opens and Meeker comes in, holding a shotgun. 
Loomis is right behind him. 

INT. JAMIE'S ROOM

The door opens and Loomis steps inside. He tries the light 
switch. Nothing. Loomis isn't surprised. He looks around. 
That's when he spots the pictures on the ground. He bends 
down and picks them up. As he does this, he notices 
something even worse. Meeker comes inside.


		MEEKER
Something?

		LOOMIS
He's been here.

		MEEKER
How do you know? 

Loomis looks at the closet. Meeker follows his gaze. In the 
closet is Sunday, dead.

		MEEKER
This is starting to spook me.

		LOOMIS
Least I'm not alone.

INT. LIVING ROOM

Meeker and Loomis come down the stairs. LOGAN, a deputy 
with blond hair in his late thirties, stands in the living 
room.

		MEEKER
Logan, I want you to stay here in case the family gets 
back.

		LOGAN
Right here, Ben.

		MEEKER
You look sharp. You understand?

		LOGAN
No problem, Sheriff.

Loomis and Meeker leave.

EXT. POWER PLANT

BUCKY, an electrician, opens a fuse box. He tries a fuse 
switches. Nothing. He pops a piece of gum in his mouth. He 
glances up, and sees Michael, standing behind his truck.

		BUCKY
Hey you! This is city property. No trespassing.

He walks over to Michael, who just stands there, bathed in 
darkness.

		BUCKY
What are you, deaf? Don't try that Halloween shit with me. 
All right, I'm on the telephone to the police right now. 
Don't you even think about leaving. 

He turns and begins to walk towards the phone. Michael 
begins following. Bucky turns and Michael grabs his shirt 
and belt, and throws him through the air. Bucky lands on a 
power unit, and sparks fly. The whole place buzzes while 
Bucky screams.

EXT. HOUSE

The lights go off.

EXT. POWER PLANT

Bucky continues to fry, while sparks shoot up into the air. 
Michael turns away.

EXT. HOUSE

The lights flicker, then go off.

EXT. POWER PLANT

A huge explosion rips the beams, and then all is quiet. 
Poor Bucky is fried to a crisp.

EXT. STREETS OF HADDONFIELD

The kids are still trick-or-treating, but their parents 
drive up in cars and collect them. The kids complain, but 
the parents are very firm.

Meanwhile, Rachel wanders the streets. She stops in the 
middle of a street.

		RACHEL
Jamie!

No response. Rachel begins walking.

MICHAEL'S POV - THROUGH BROKEN WINDOW

He is breathing heavily.

		RACHEL
Jamie!

ANGLE ON - RACHEL

She sighs and moves on.

EXT. HADDONFIELD STREET

Jamie is lost and alone, scared. She is in the bad part of 
town, and has no one to go to. Suddenly, a noise behind 
her. She turns around. A bush is moving. But is it the 
wind, or something far more sinister?

		JAMIE
Rachel? Is that you? Is that you?

Jamie turns away, very frightened. She starts walking. 
Behind her, on a porch, is a grinning jack-o-lantern.

EXT. STREET

Rachel is also scared, but trying not to show it.

		RACHEL
Jamie? Jamie!

She stops walking, and hears a branch snap behind her. She 
glances behind her. She sighs and starts walking again.

		RACHEL
Jamie?

She looks past a house into an alley. It's a dead end. 

		RACHEL
Jamie?

Rachel sighs. She could be anywhere. Rachel glances the 
other way and sees a dirt road. But that's not what 
attracts her attention. It's the man that does. His upper 
body is shrouded in smoke. He begins walking towards 
Rachel. She backs away and runs down the alley. She jumps 
onto the tire and grabs a hold of the fence. She begins to 
climb it, going as fast as she can. When she reaches the 
top she jumps down to the ground, and takes off running.

		RACHEL
Oh God!

She runs down an alley and jumps over a small fence 
separating two lawns. She runs onto the sidewalk.

		RACHEL
		 (scared)
Jamie.

She takes off running.

EXT. STREET

Jamie walks down a dark street. She hears rustling behind 
her. She turns around and looks behind her at all the trees 
and the old house. 

		JAMIE
Whoever you are, I have a really big dog with me and he 
bites.

In the background, Rachel comes running across a lawn. 
Jamie turns and sees Rachel. Rachel rushes over to Jamie.

		RACHEL
Jamie! Where have you been? Don't ever go off on your own 
at night again okay? Not ever. 

They hug, both glad for the company. Suddenly, headlights 
illuminate them. They look over to see a cop car. Meeker 
and Loomis get out.

		MEEKER
Rachel, Jamie. Thank God!

		RACHEL
What's going on?

		LOOMIS
Get in the car. Come on, quick.

Rachel and Jamie hurry to the car and get in the back. 
Meeker makes his way over to the driver's side. Loomis is 
about to get in when he sees HIM. Michael, standing across 
the street, hidden behind a row of bushes. Meeker spots him 
too.

		MEEKER
Is that him? Is that him?

		LOOMIS
Yes.

Across the street behind Meeker another Michael appears. 
Meeker turns and spots him. Then a third Michael appears.

		MEEKER
Oh Christ. Doc...

		LOOMIS
Dear God. 

Loomis pulls out his gun. Which Michael is real. He takes 
aim and is about to fire when:

		BOY
				           (pulling off mask) 
Hey! Don't shoot!

The other two also pull of their masks, and run away, 
laughing and taunting.

		MEEKER
Get home dammit. There's a curfew. If I catch your asses, 
it'll be a weekend in jail. You all right Doc? Come on, 
we'll get to the station and get these kids safe.

In the car, Jamie begins to cry.

		RACHEL
Okay.

Meeker and Loomis get in the car and drive off.

		MEEKER
		  (on CB)
Come in Pierce.

Behind them stands the real Michael Myers, watching, 
waiting.

INT. POLICE STATION

The whole place has been wrecked. papers and equipment have 
been strewn about. Meeker and Loomis survey the 
destruction.

		MEEKER
Oh Christ. They wouldn't have given up without a fight.

		LOOMIS
They didn't know what they were fighting.

Meeker makes his way deeper into the station. He stops when 
he spots Hank, stabbed and cut in so many places. He can't 
believe his eyes.

		MEEKER
How can a man do this Loomis? Tell me.

		LOOMIS
It isn't a man.

		MEEKER
What is he? Tell me! What the hell are we dealing with?

		LOOMIS
Evil.

With that, Loomis exits the police station.

EXT. POLICE STATION

Rachel and Jamie are still in the car, Jamie sleeping. The 
three trucks full of hill billies drive up, and Jamie wakes 
up. Meeker and Loomis come out of the police station as the 
hillbillies pile out of the trucks.

		EARL
What in Sam Hill is going on?

		MEEKER
Go on home Earl. It's police business.

		GUY
What the hell did this?

		EARL
Looks to me like your out of business. Now I want some 
answers.

		MEEKER
I haven't got the time or the patience to argue with you. 
Now go home to your families where you belong. 

The men start talking and cause a big commotion. Loomis 
decides to end it.

		LOOMIS
It was Michael Myers. He's come home to kill.

		MEEKER
Let it be Earl. Let the police handle it.

		EARL
Like the last time? How many people killed back then? How 
many kids?

		GUY
Al here lost his boy 10 years back.

		AL
Well not this time, Ben. I'll handle this my own way. We're 
gonna fry his ass. 

The others agree and head for the trucks. Meeker turns on 
Loomis.

		MEEKER
You son of a bitch, you just created a lynch mob.

		LOOMIS
You haven't got a police force! These men may be the only 
defense you've got.

The men get in their trucks and drive off. Meeker watches 
them go.

		MEEKER
God help us.

EXT. CORRUTHERS' HOUSE

Logan runs out of the house, closing the door behind him. 
He runs to his car and climbs inside. He grabs his CB.

		LOGAN
132 to 133 this is 134.

		MEEKER
This is 132, over.

		LOGAN
Ben-uh-I just heard about the station.

The camera pans back to show Michael's burned hand 
clutching the backseat.

		MEEKER
Go to my house. We'll call the state force from there.

		LOGAN
I'll be there in 5 minutes. 

He starts the car and pulls out of the driveway. As his car 
speeds down the road, the Corruthers' car enters their 
driveway. Darlene gets out, afraid.

		DARLENE
Honey, I don't think their home.

		RICHARD
How do you know their not?

		DARLENE
Because the lights are all out.

		RICHARD
I told them to be here by nine. Its not 9:30 yet. 

		DARLENE
We should call the fire department.

		RICHARD
I'm not calling the fire department.

They run inside.

EXT. PARK

Earl's truck goes down the road. The hillbillies search.

		GUY
There he is...I've seen his face right there Al, in those 
bushes.

They all climb out of the truck and take aim at some 
bushes. The bushes move and all the hillbillies open fire. 
For what seems like hours the hillbillies shoot, until 
they're positive he's dead. They rush over to the bushes.

		GUY
Shit, Earl. It's Ted Holster.

		EARL
You dumb son of a bitch, you said you saw Myers.

INT. MEEKER'S HOUSE

Kelly and Brady are on the floor, making out. Brady slides 
Kelly's shirt up to reveal her panties. They're kissing 
passionately.

		KELLY
Lets go upstairs.

		BRADY
No, I think we're doing just fine here. 

Kelly takes off her shirt, revealing her bra.

		BRADY
Oh, I think I'm in Heaven. 

Kelly giggles. Brady takes off his shirt. Kelly slowly 
reaches behind her back and begins to remove it. She does 
it slowly, coyly. She slides one strap off, then the other. 
She hides her breasts and leans down, and Brady's hands are 
all over her. Suddenly, headlights appear on the wall.

		BRADY
Oh shit!

		KELLY
It's my dad!

		BRADY

Your dad? Your dad!!!

EXT. MEEKER'S HOUSE

The cop car pulls in the driveway.

INT. LIVING ROOM

Kelly and Brady are hastily getting dressed.

		KELLY
God, if he catches us like this he's going to skin you 
alive for starters.

		BRADY
What?

Kelly grabs her bra and stuffs it underneath a couch 
cushion.

		KELLY
Come on. Come on.

EXT. OUTSIDE

The foursome have piled out of the car and are headed 
towards the house.

		LOOMIS
Where's that Deputy?

		MEEKER
Be here in a minute.

They go inside. A few seconds later, Logan pulls up.

INT. LIVING ROOM

Brady sits down in a chair. Kelly tosses him a magazine. He 
pretends to read it. Meeker and the others come inside. 
Rachel sees Brady and knows exactly what happened.

		MEEKER
Rachel, take your sister upstairs. First door on the right.

		KELLY
Dad, what's going on?

		MEEKER
Kelly, I want you to close and lock all the downstairs 
windows.

		KELLY
Why?

		MEEKER
Just do it.

		LOOMIS
Where's the radio?

		MEEKER
Right through the kitchen you'll see the basement stairs. 
(to Brady) 
Brady, you know how to use a gun?

		BRADY
Yes sir.

Meeker goes to the gun cabinet, and pulls out a shot gun, 
hands it to Brady.

		MEEKER
Think you can handle that?

		BRADY
Yeah, um, you want to tell me what's happening?

		MEEKER
Yeah, when I have time. 

Logan comes inside.

		MEEKER
You got your riot gun?

		LOGAN
Yeah in the trunk of my squad.

		MEEKER
Go get it. 

He grabs a box full of bullets and hands them to Brady.

		MEEKER
Take these. 

He then gives Brady the toolbox.

		MEEKER
Okay, you got a hammer and roofing nails. I want you up in 
the attic securing it so that nobody can get in.

		BRADY
You know, if something's happening, I should just go call 
my parents.

		MEEKER
Just get up in the attic. 

As Brady turns to go up to the attic, Meeker stops him.

		MEEKER
Oh yeah, I catch you groping my daughter I'll use that shot 
gun on you. You understand?

Brady nods and heads for the stairs, more than a little 
scared.

EXT. OUTSIDE/DRIVEWAY

Logan walks out to his car. He sees that the one of the 
back seat doors is open. He closes it, only a little 
worried. He goes to his trunk and opens it. He pulls out 
his riot gun and closes the trunk. He heads for the house. 

		MEEKER
Get the outside shutters.

		LOGAN
What are we doing?

		MEEKER
Making sure that no one can get in here.

		LOGAN
Isn't this all a little paranoid?

		MEEKER
If you'd seen that police station you wouldn't even ask.

INT. BEDROOM

Brady stops at the doorway and looks in at Rachel and 
Jamie.

		BRADY
Are you two okay?

		RACHEL
We've been better.

		BRADY
What's going on?

		RACHEL
Michael Myers.

		BRADY
Who's that?

		RACHEL
10 years ago? Halloween? He's Jamie's uncle.

		JAMIE
The kids at school were right.

		BRADY
Um, I'm gonna be outside, upstairs in the attic.

Logan is out fixing the shutters and Brady goes into the 
attic.

		KELLY
That's all the windows, Dad.

		MEEKER
All right. Good Good.  Logan I want you right here by the 
front door. This is the dead bolt key. 

He locks the door.

		MEEKER
Now I pad locked the back door, this is the only way in and 
out of this house. You got that?

		LOGAN
Got it Ben.

He turns to Kelly, who's just standing there.

		MEEKER
Why don't you go make some coffee.

		KELLY
All right.

INT. ATTIC

Brady is nailing a window shut. Suddenly, he hits his 
finger with a hammer.

		BRADY
Oh shit! 

He hears a noise coming from some dark corner of the attic.

		BRADY
Hello?...Who's there?

CUT TO:

INT. BEDROOM

Jamie and Rachel lay on the bed, trying to go to sleep. But 
after all they've been through, it might be a while before 
either of them get a good nights rest.

		JAMIE
Can we go home soon Rachel?

		RACHEL
Real soon, Jamie. Now shh.

INT. BASEMENT

Loomis and Meeker walk over to the radio. Meeker sits down 
in front of it.

		LOOMIS
How's it powered?

		MEEKER
Batteries. I planned the generator for the house next week.  
I wished I hadn't waited. 
(into radio) 
This is squawk 79er zero of Haddonfield broadcasting on the 
state police emergency frequency. Can anyone hear me? 

He gets nothing but static, so he switches frequencies.

		MEEKER
Can anyone here me? 
(Static) 
Dammit.

INT. LIVING ROOM


Logan sits in the rocking chair, shotgun in his hands. He 
slowly rocks back and forth. Kelly is in the kitchen making 
coffee. Rachel comes down the stairs and walks over to 
Logan.

		LOGAN
Everything all right?

		RACHEL
Jamie's sleeping. When can we go home?

		LOGAN
State police will get here soon. Not long after that. Don't 
worry.

		RACHEL
I'm trying.

		LOGAN
It won't be long.

Myers face appears in the next room. You can barely see it, 
but Logan senses its presence and turns to look. But 
Michael has already disappeared from view.

INT. BASEMENT

Loomis and Meeker are listening to the radio, trying to 
contact help.

		LOOMIS
I hear someone.

		FRANK 
This is Frank Bute over in Tuckerville you got some kind of 
emergency?

		MEEKER
Oh Christ. This is Ben Meeker. Sheriff over in Haddonfield. 
Our phone and power lines are down and we have a killer 
running lose in the street. Michael Myers.

		FRANK
Is this some kind of Halloween prank?

		MEEKER
This is no joke. We need those troopers and we need them 
now.

		FRANK
All right. I'll get those troopers right away, hang on I'll 
need some information.

		MEEKER
I'm not going anywhere Mr. Bute.

INT. LIVING ROOM

Loomis comes up the stairs. He meets Rachel, who is just 
entering the living room. He inquires about Jamie.

		LOOMIS
Rachel, is your sister all right?

		RACHEL
She's fine.

		LOOMIS
Good. 
(to Logan) 
Sheriff's radioed for help. they'll be here soon.

		LOGAN
Hell of a night.

		LOOMIS
Its not over yet.

		LOGAN
Where are you going?

		LOOMIS
The Corruther's house. That's where Jamie lives, that's 
where he'll go.

		LOGAN
Leave Myers for the state boys.

		LOOMIS
The state police won't know how to stop him.

		LOGAN
Do you? 

		LOOMIS
Maybe nobody knows how to stop him, but I've got to try.

Loomis leaves to go find Michael. Logan closes and locks 
the door.

INT. KITCHEN

Rachel goes into the kitchen and Kelly is searching for 
something. She's checking all the cabinets.

		RACHEL
Are you looking for this? 

She hands Kelly a pack of sugar. Kelly takes it and goes 
over to the coffee. Kelly seems sad. She tries to patch 
things up between her and Rachel.

		KELLY
I didn't know you and Brady had anything okay?

		RACHEL
You knew. You just didn't care.

		KELLY
He's not married. Besides, I've got a right to do what's 
best for me.

		RACHEL
Don't you mean what you do best?

		KELLY
Wise up to what men want Rachel, or Brady won't be the last 
man you lose to another woman.

Rachel picks up a cup of coffee.

		RACHAEL
Have some coffee. 

She pours it all over Kelly's shirt. Kelly gasps, surprised 
at Rachel.

INT. BASEMENT

Meeker is listening to the radio. It suddenly comes alive 
with the hillbillies.

		MAN 1
Over at Alan gateways, shot Ted Holster by mistake.

		MAN 2
Well is he dead.

		MAN 1
Yeah, he's dead.

		MEEKER
Oh Christ.

Rachel comes down the stairs and stands behind him.

		MEEKER
04'd out there, this is Ben Meeker...Answer me dammit. 


All he gets is static. Nobody out there wants to take 
responsibility.

		RACHEL
Sheriff, what is going on out there?

		MEEKER
All right Rachel, you stay by this radio. The state boys 
will send word once their in route. When that word comes 
you go tell deputy Logan.

		RACHEL
Okay.

		MEEKER
Now you understand?

		RACHEL
Uh huh.

Meeker heads for the stairs.

INT. LIVING ROOM

Meeker walks over to the door. Logan stands up. Meeker gets 
the key and starts unlocking the door.

		MEEKER
I'll be out on gateway and I doubt I'll be back before the 
troopers get here. 

		LOGAN
Maybe you ought to wait here till they do.

		MEEKER
Hey. I got a town full of beer bellies running around in 
the dark with shotguns. Who's gonna be next? Somebody's 
wife? Somebody's kid? 

He cocks his gun.

		MEEKER
I can't stand by for that.

He opens the door and leaves. Logan closes the door, 
worried.

INT. BEDROOM

Jamie sits up in bed. She looks around, but doesn't see 
Rachel. She gets worried.

		JAMIE
Rachel?

INT. BASEMENT

Rachel is listening to the radio. She hears a creak behind 
her. 

INT. LIVING ROOM

Upstairs Kelly is done making coffee and brings it in to 
Logan.

		KELLY
I thought you might like some coffee. 

He continues to rock.

		KELLY
Pretty boring out here. I wish they'd fix the power. 

She sets the coffee down on the table. 

		KELLY
Least we'd have some MTV while we wait for the calvary.

She picks up some matches and lights one. Carefully, so not 
to extinguish the flame, she lights the candle. And she 
screams. Logan's dead body is in the corner, blood 
splattered on his face. Kelly turns to the man in the 
chair. He stands up and turns to her.

It's MICHAEL!

He slowly advances for her. Kelly screams and backs up. 
Michael brings the shotgun back and rams it right through 
Kelly, lifting her up and ramming her against the wall. The 
shotgun enters the wall, pinning Kelly's lifeless body 
against it.

INT. BASEMENT

Rachel is listening to the radio. It suddenly crackles and 
Frank Bute comes on.

		FRANK
Haddonfield, we should have cars dispatched in 5 minutes. 
ETA 35 minutes, Over. 

Rachel grabs the mike and brings it up to her face.

		RACHEL
Ah, okay, great. We'll be waiting.

		FRANK
Ah ten-four over.

		RACHEL
Ah, over and out.

Rachel puts the mike down and heads for the stairs. She 
looks behind her one last time to make sure Frank doesn't 
decide to speak again. Then she goes up the stairs.

INT. LIVING ROOM

Rachel looks around. Logan's rocking chair is empty. She 
isn't bothered by this and shouts.

		RACHEL
Deputy Logan? 

When she receives no reply, Rachel's happy demeanor 
evaporates.

		RACHEL
Deputy? 

She looks around and sees Deputy Logan's bloodied corpse by 
the table. She turns and sees Kelly's lifeless corpse 
dangling from the wall. 

		RACHEL
Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!

She heads for the stairs.

		RACHEL
Jamie!!! Jamie!!

She starts up the stairs but trips. She quickly gets up and 
sprints the rest of the way up. She reaches the door to the 
bedroom and looks inside. 

JAMIE'S GONE!

		RACHEL
Oh God! Oh God!

Rachel goes hysterical. She runs down the stairs and bumps 
into Brady.

		BRADY
What the hell is going on?

Rachel starts back up the stairs.

		RACHEL
I've gotta find Jamie.

Brady grabs her and starts pulling her toward the door.

		BRADY
No, no, we have to get out of here right now.

		RACHEL
Not without Jamie.

		BRADY
Look. 

He point to Logan's corpse.

		BRADY
You think she stands a chance?

		RACHEL
She's not dead!

Brady rushes over to the door and tries to open it. But 
it's locked and the key is nowhere to be found.

		BRADY
Is there another key?

		RACHEL
I don't know!

Brady rushes over to Rachel.

		BRADY
Get out of the way, get out of the way. 

He raises the shotgun and shoots the door twice. He rushes 
over to the door. He touches the knob but pulls it away 
quickly. He goes back over to Rachel.

		BRADY
Its metal, god dammit its metal.

		RACHEL
What does that mean?

		BRADY
We're trapped in this house.

They start up the stairs. Rachel looks up and sees Jamie 
come out of a door.

		RACHEL
Jamie!

		JAMIE
Oh Rachel! 

Rachael runs up the stairs to Jamie and hugs her.

		BRADY
Rachel!

Rachel releases Jamie and runs to the stairs. She looks 
down.

Michael is in the living room, standing behind the 
fireplace.

		RACHEL
Brady!

		BRADY
Get back!

		RACHEL
Brady!

		BRADY
No. You son of a bitch!

Brady aims the gun at Michael, who is slowly walking up the 
steps. He pulls the trigger. Nothing happens. No bullet 
comes out.

		BRADY
Shit!

		RACHEL
Brady! Come with us.

		BRADY
Go!

		RACHEL
Brady!

		BRADY
Get up there Rachel! 

Brady fumbles with the bullets, not able to get them in the 
shotgun.

		BRADY
Shit!

Michael continues climbing the stairs, with each step 
getting closer...

		RACHEL
Brady!

		BRADY
Get up there Rachel!

		RACHEL
Brady! Come with us! Brady!

		BRADY
Go!

Brady has one bullet in, he tries to hurriedly put in 
another.

		RACHEL & JAMIE
Brady!

		BRADY
Go! 

Brady puts the bullet in and snaps the chamber closed. He 
turns to aim, but Michael is already upon him. Michael 
grabs Brady by the shoulders. Brady fires, but the shot 
goes wide and hits the wall. Michael throws Brady against 
the wall. He hits hard and slumps down. Jamie tries to pull 
Rachel away. 

		JAMIE
Rachel come on.

		RACHEL
No.

		JAMIE
Come on. 

Brady looks up at Rachel. 

		BRADY
Shit.

He grabs the shotgun and stands up. He hits Michael on the 
head with the butt of the gun. He swings again but Michael 
grabs the gun. They struggle for a second before Michael 
slams it into Brady's face. Brady falls back onto the 
floor. Michael tosses the gun over the railing. It lands 
with a thud on the living room floor. 

Brady stands up and walks over to Michael. His nose is 
bleeding. He rears back his hand and punches Michael right 
in the face. Brady pulls back his arm and takes another 
swing, but Michael grabs it. He pulls back and we hear 
bones crunching. Brady screams in agony. With his other 
hand, Michael grabs Brady's throat and starts to lift him 
off the floor... 

Michael releases Brady's hand and wraps his other hand 
around Brady's throat. Brady tries to spit in Michael's 
face, but he misses and it lands off to the side. Michael 
starts pushing his finger into Brady's cheek. Brady screams 
in agony. Michael's finger digs deeper into Brady's cheek. 
We hear a crunching sound. 

INT. ATTIC

Rachel and Jamie stop at the platform to the attic. Rachel 
looks back and shouts.

		RACHEL
Leave us alone, just leave us alone.  

They run up the rest of the stairs. Rachel looks around and 
sees a suitcase.

		RACHEL
Jamie!

Rachel throws the suitcase onto the platform. Jamie grabs 
something and throws it down too. They continue picking up 
items and throwing them onto the platform until it's 
cluttered with junk. Rachel grabs Jamie and moves her 
farther into the attic.

Michael reaches the platform, but he's blocked by all the 
junk.

Jamie lets out a small gasp when she hears Michael. Rachel 
looks around. She starts pushing Jamie in a certain 
direction.

		RACHEL
Go! Go!

Michael is starting to clear a path through all the stuff 
in his way...

		RACHEL
Come on! Come on!

Michael has cleared a path and starts walking up the very 
few steps that are left...

Rachel and Jamie come to a window, but it's locked.

		JAMIE
Rachel! 

Michael stops for a second. He notices a tin can full of 
knives. He grabs the biggest, sharpest one and continues 
toward Jamie and Rachel...

		RACHEL
Jamie, get down. Get down. 

Rachel grabs a suitcase and uses it to smash out the 
window. She throws the suitcase out onto the roof and bends 
down.


		RACHEL
Get on my back Jamie. Get on, hold on.

Jamie climbs onto Rachel's back. Very carefully, Rachel 
steps out of the window and onto the roof.

EXT. OUTSIDE/ROOF

Rachel looks down and sees how far she is to the ground. If 
they fall and hit the pavement, they're dead. She grabs 
onto a pipe jutting up from the roof and uses it to pulls 
herself up. Slowly, she moves her way up the roof. Every 
few seconds Jamie looks behind them to see if Michael is 
following.

Rachel reaches the very top of the roof. She tries to reach 
for the arched part of the roof, but misses. She tries 
again, but still doesn't make it. As she reaches out again, 
a shingle her foot was on comes loose and they go sliding 
back down the roof. Rachel grabs onto the pipe to stop her 
descent. Jamie starts to slide off her back. Rachel grabs 
her and pulls her up.

		RACHEL
Grab on, Jamie.

Jamie gets onto Rachel's back. Rachel starts up the roof 
once again. This time, she grabs a black cord to steady 
her. Jamie gets off Rachel's back and looks behind them. 
She screams.

Michael is pulling himself up onto the roof. Rachel grabs 
Jamie, and, using the cord, climbs over to the far side of 
the roof. Rachel lifts Jamie up and over. 

		RACHEL
I'm gonna lower you to the chimney, okay Jamie?

		JAMIE
I can't.

		RACHEL
Well try dammit!

She starts to lower Jamie. Suddenly, Michael appears!

		JAMIE
Rachel! 

Jamie slips and slides down to the chimney. Rachel looks 
behind her and takes a swipe at her with his knife. Rachel 
barely dodges. By this time, Jamie is already to the 
chimney. Michael takes another swipe at Rachel. Rachel 
rolls down the roof and hits the chimney. She gets up and 
faces Jamie. She gets the cord and ties it around Jamie. 

		RACHEL
I'm gonna lower you down Jamie okay? 

Jamie climbs over the edge. 

		JAMIE
Rachel!

		RACHEL
I've got you come on, go down.

		JAMIE
Rachel!

		Rachel
I've got you Jamie. 


She starts to slowly lower Jamie down the side of the 
house. 

		JAMIE
I've got you, I've got you. 

Jamie is dangling above the ground, her clown mask pushed 
to the side of her neck. She struggles, her legs flailing 
in the air.

Rachel continues to lower Jamie when Michael suddenly 
appears! She lets go of the cable, making Jamie drop about 
halfway down. Rachel rolls out of the way as Michael takes 
a swipe at her with his knife. He places his hand on the 
chimney for support. He again takes a swipe at Rachel, 
causing her to roll to the edge of the roof.

Michael slowly heads for her. Rachel dangles above the 
ground, her hands holding onto the roof for dear life. She 
starts to slowly move to the side, away from Michael. 

Jamie grabs onto the ledge of the house and hoists herself 
onto it.

Michael swings his knife at Rachel, causing her to lose her 
grip. She plummets to the ground.

		RACHEL
Ahhhhhhhhhhh!

THUD! Michael stands there, breathing heavily, just staring 
at Rachel's unmoving body.

CUT TO:

Jamie climbs the rest of the way down and runs over to 
Rachel. 

		JAMIE
					           (crying) 
Oh please come alive Rachel, please come alive. You can't 
be dead. Come alive Rachel!

Jamie lays her head on Rachel's shoulder and begins 
sobbing. Michael appears at the side of the house. Jamie 
glances over at him, then at Rachel. She looks back at 
Michael and begins to run. 

		JAMIE
Help! Please, somebody help me! Help! Please! Somebody help 
me!

Jamie runs by house after house, calling for help. She 
looks behind her, sees Michael appear from behind a bush, 
and runs faster. She trips, gets back up, and continues 
running.

CUT TO:

Rachel, laying on the ground. She moves slightly.

CUT TO:

Jamie. She's no longer running. She's walking slowly, 
looking around. Suddenly, she sees something off screen and 
begins running. But, before she gets anywhere, she runs 
into Dr. Loomis. He grabs her, tries to comfort her.

		LOOMIS
What are you doing out here alone?

		JAMIE
Everybody's dead. I just wanna go home. 

		LOOMIS
Oh no you can't. I've just been there. That's the first 
place he'll look for you. Where's the school house? Where 
is the school house? 


		JAMIE
It's over there.

She points to somewhere behind Loomis.
 

		LOOMIS
Come on. Come we'll be safe there. 

EXT. SCHOOL

Dr. Loomis and Jamie walk over to the doors. Loomis grabs 
Jamie and holds her tight as he raises his gun and fires 
four times at the door. He and Jamie walk up the steps. 
When he opens the door, the alarms go off. Dr. Loomis and 
Jamie enter the school, closing the door behind them.

INT. SCHOOL

Loomis and Jamie walk up the steps. Loomis tries the first 
door he comes across, but it's locked.

		LOOMIS
We'll hear sirens soon.

		JAMIE
Then we'll be safe?

		LOOMIS
Yeah. 

He tries another door, but it's locked too.

		JAMIE
You don't believe that do you?

		LOOMIS
No. 

They hug. Loomis turns to leave when Michael appears, 
grabbing Loomis and throwing him through a door, breaking 
the glass and the door. Jamie screams and runs down the 
hall, trying to open the doors. She comes to the last door 
and tries to open it, but it's locked. She pounds on it.

		JAMIE
Oh, oh. Somebody help me!

She walks over to the end of the hall and crouches, putting 
her arms over her face.

		JAMIE
No.

She begins sobbing. When nothing happens, she looks down 
the hall. There's no sign of Michael. Jamie slowly stands 
up. She looks around her, not believing that Michael is 
really gone. She starts to slowly walk down the hall, 
peering into every corner, every dark room. Michael could 
be anywhere. She comes to split in the hallway. On one 
side, stairs leading down to an entrance and another 
hallway. On the other, stairs leading to the second floor.

		JAMIE
Ahhhhhhhhh!

Michael stands on the steps, knife in hand. Jamie begins to 
run down the other steps but she trips and tumbles down the 
steps, landing with a soft thud. She looks up at the top of 
the stairs and she sees Michael begin to slowly descend 
them. Jamie starts to crawl away, but Michael's hand grabs 
her leg, pulling her back. She screams just as

RACHEL APPEARS,

a fire extinguisher in her hand. She begins to spray 
Michael with it. He is instantly covered in smoke. He holds 
his hands up, trying to ward it off. Rachel continues 
spraying Michael.

EXT. SCHOOL

A truck with Earl, Al and two other hillbillies comes down 
the road. One guy bangs on the roof to get Earl's 
attention.

		GUY
In the school. Pull over Earl. 

They pull up to the school. They all pile out of the truck 
when Rachel comes out, carrying Jamie. They rush over to 
her. 

		EARL
What's going on here? We heard the alarm.

		RACHEL
He's inside.

		GUY
Jesus. Where?

		RACHEL
In the school. 

INT. SCHOOL

Michael is gone...

EXT. SCHOOL

They all discuss what to do.

		GUY
Let's get this bastard.

		JAMIE
No! He'll kill you too.

		RACHEL
We have to get out of Haddonfield, the state police at on 
their way let them handle it.

		GUY
I don't know about you Earl, but that makes sense to me. 
Lets get the hell out.

		AL
He's not our patient. Let the troopers have him. That's 
what they get paid for.

		GUY
Screw it. Lets get out of here. Al.

Al takes Jamie from Rachel while the others pile into the 
truck. Al opens the passenger side door and put Jamie down 
next to Earl.

EXT. ROAD

The truck flies along the road, the hillbillies lights 
shining into the night. They pass a sign saying "WELCOME TO 
HADDONFIELD. HOME OF THE HUSKERS."

INT. TRUCK

Jamie sits in Rachel's lap, both tired and hungry. Earl 
glances at them, then back at the road.

EXT. TRUCK

Two hillbillies have their guns and lights propped up on 
the roof of the truck, keeping an eye out. Al sits by the 
tailgate.


INT. TRUCK

Earl reaches for the CB. He talks into it.

		EARL
					      (into radio) 
Okay everybody, listen up. I've got Rachel Corruthers and 
her sister in the truck, and I'm taking them outta town 
route 410. State police are on the way. Got that?

		GUY
					    (Through radio) 
Got it Earl.

		EARL
Okay, out. 

EXT. ROAD

A long line of cop cars comes speeding down the road, 
sirens blazing.

INT. TRUCK

Rachel looks at Jamie, happy to have her safe. Earl looks 
out the front window and sees the long line of cop cars. He 
turns to Rachel.

		EARL
Here comes the calvary now. 

EXT. TRUCK

One hillbilly swings his flashlight back and forth while 
the other fires his shotgun into the night. All the cars go 
by except one. It stops and waits for Earl to pull up. The 
COP gets out of his car.

		COP
Coming outta Haddonfield?

		EARL
Yeah right outta the elementary school, taking these kids 
to safety.

		COP
Okay, there's a highway patrol substation about 4 miles 
down the highway. You'll see the turnoff signs. Now we've 
got officers on duty, they'll take care of you.

		EARL
Thanks. 

Earl puts his foot on the gas and drives away.

INT. TRUCK

Earl looks over at Rachel and Jamie.

		EARL
You'll be okay. 

Rachel tries to manage a smile.

EXT. TRUCK

Al sits near the tailgate, watching the road behind them. 
The other two hillbillies keep their eyes on the road ahead 
of them.

INT. TRUCK

POV

We are seeing from behind Earl. The road ahead is foggy and 
nothing is certain.

EXT. TRUCK

CLOSE ON:

The tailgate. Suddenly, Michael's hand appear, then the 
other one with the knife. He begins to haul himself up into 
the bed of the truck. None of them notice Michael until 
it's too late. One hillbilly turns, and tries to hit 
Michael with his shotgun, but Michael grabs it and stabs 
him in the back with the knife.

Michael throws his body down just as Al gets up. Michael 
stabs him in the side, and throws his body against the 
tailgate. The tailgate busts open and Al's and the 
hillbilly's bodies go tumbling off the truck and onto the 
road.

INT. TRUCK

Rachel, Earl, and Jamie are completely oblivious to what's 
happening to the three hillbillies.

EXT. TRUCK

Michael throws the last hillbilly off of the truck. He goes 
rolling down the hill.

INT. TRUCK

Earl is getting nervous. He heard some noises. He looks out 
the back window when

MICHAEL'S HAND BREAKS THROUGH THE DRIVERS SIDE WINDOW

and latch on to Earl's neck. His fingers dig deep into 
Earl's neck, drawing blood. Jamie and Rachel scream as 
Michael twists Earl's neck open.

EXT. ROAD

The truck swerves dangerously, Michael on the roof.

INT. TRUCK

Jamie falls into the floorboard, screaming. Rachel pushes 
Earl's body aside and gets behind the wheel.

EXT. TRUCK

It swerves, Michael still clinging to the top.

INT. TRUCK

Rachel opens the door and pushes Earl's body out.

EXT. TRUCK

Earl's lifeless body flies out of the truck and rolls down 
the hill.

INT. TRUCK

Rachel reaches over to the door and closes it. Jamie still 
hides in the floorboards.

EXT. TRUCK

Michael swings his hand inside the truck, trying to grab 
Rachel. She whips the wheel this way and that, trying to 
make Michael fall off.

INT. TRUCK

Michael's hand swings into the truck. Rachel tries to avoid 
it while maintaining control over the truck.

EXT. TRUCK

Michael swerves from side to side, barely hanging on.

INT. TRUCK

Rachel jerks the wheel to the right.

EXT. TRUCK

Michael almost falls off, but he manages to keep his grip.

INT. TRUCK

Rachel jerks the wheel, causing Jamie to fall into the 
floorboard and hit her head.

		RACHEL
Jamie!

Rachel continues to jerk the wheel.

EXT. TRUCK

It moves to the right, then the left. Michael's body is 
thrown every which way.

INT. TRUCK

Michael's hand reaches into the truck and grabs hold of 
Rachel's sweater. Rachel fights free, but Michael rips her 
sweater. She screams.

EXT. TRUCK

It swerves all over the road.

INT. TRUCK

Michael's face smashes into the front windshield. Rachel 
screams and pushes down on the brakes. Jamie falls back 
into the floorboards.

EXT. TRUCK

Michael goes flying off the truck. He rolls onto the road.

INT. TRUCK

Jamie slowly peeks over the seat. Rachel looks out the 
window and sees Michael slowly stand up. She messes with 
the gear shift.

		RACHEL
Die you son of a bitch. 

She steps on the gas, and the truck goes forward at a fast 
rate, knocking into Michael. He goes flying into the air 
and lands on the ground near a mine. The truck rolls down 
the hill.

INT. TRUCK

Rachel presses the brakes, praying that the truck will 
stop.

EXT. TRUCK

The truck comes to a stop. Through the window we see Rachel 
sigh.

EXT. ROAD

The police cars comes speeding down the road, heading for 
Rachel and Jamie.

CLOSE ON:

Michael's hand. It still has a grip on the knife. Slowly, 
the grip loosens.

INT. TRUCK

Jamie stares at Michael, fascinated.

		RACHEL
Jamie, I want you to stay right here in the truck. 

EXT. ROAD

Meeker is the first one to arrive. Rachel races over to 
him.

		RACHEL
Sheriff Meeker, we killed him.

		MEEKER
Calm down. Calm down. Are you all right? Are you all right? 

Rachel nods.

		MEEKER
Where's Jamie? 

CUT TO:

Jamie. She kneels down beside Michael. She takes his hand 
and holds it, looking at the scars caused by the fire.

		MEEKER
Jamie! Get away!

		RACHEL
Don't touch him Jamie!

Jamie drops his hand and turns to them.


CLOSE ON:

Michael's hand. It grabs the knife.

NORMAL VIEW

Michael sits up.

		MEEKER
Get down!

Jamie jumps to the ground just as Michael gets to his feet. 
Meeker pulls the trigger on his shotgun and BAM! a bullet 
hits Michael dead on. He's knocked back. The other cops and 
hillbillies open fire, creating a dazzling display of 
light. Bullet after bullet slams into Michael, causing him 
to step back. A few bullets hit the ground around Michael, 
but most hit home. Rachel covers her ears as the sounds of 
bullets being fired echoes all around her. Meeker takes 
aim, and fires, his bullet knocking Michael back. More and 
more bullets rain down on Michael, causing one of the most 
terrifying killers ever to stumble backwards, until he 
slips and falls down an abandoned mine shaft, hopefully to 
his death.

The guns go quiet as everybody realizes that Michael is 
gone. Meeker breaths deeply, satisfied. No human could have 
survived that onslaught of bullets. No one. Wood and dirt 
crumble into the mine, burying Michael. 

EXT. CORRUTHERS' HOUSE - NIGHT - LATER

Everything is quiet. Peaceful. 

INT. LIVING ROOM

Richard and Darlene hug Jamie and Rachel when they walk in, 
escorted by Meeker.

		RICHARD
Oh, babies.

Meeker walks over to the front door and opens it. Loomis 
limps in.

		MEEKER
It's over.

		LOOMIS
Yes. Michael Myers is in hell, buried, where he belongs.

Meeker sits down in a chair.

		MEEKER
These kids aren't likely to forget.

		LOOMIS
They've survived this ordeal, they'll survive it's memory.

Rachel is completely exhausted, dried blood caked to her 
face.

		DARLENE
I'm going to take Jamie upstairs. 

She puts her hand on Richard's knee.

		DARLENE
		   (cont'd)
Stay with Rachel. 
(to Jamie)
Come on honey. 

INT. BATHROOM

Darlene turns on the water, letting it fill the tub.

INT. HALLWAY

POV

The person looks at a darkened room, then down the hall. It 
turns right and looks into a small bathroom. A pair of 
scissors lays on the sink. They're picked up by someone off 
screen. The POV returns to the hallway.

INT. BATHROOM

The tub is halfway full. Darlene, in a robe, lays two 
towels down on the edge  of the tub.

INT. HALLWAY

POV

Suddenly, a mask slides onto the person's face. We are now 
only seeing through the two eye holes. We make our way to 
the end of the hall. We turn, and stare at Darlene, hunched 
over the tub. She looks over at the person.

INT. STAIRS

		DARLENE
		     (o.s.)
Ahhhhhhhh!!!

Loomis comes hobbling up the steps, then stops.

		LOOMIS
No. No!

Jamie stands at the top of the stairs, a bloody pair of 
scissors held in her hand. Her costume is flecked with 
blood...

		LOOMIS
No! No! No! No!

He raises his gun to shoot her.

		LOOMIS
No!

Suddenly, Meeker jumps at him, knocking the gun out of his 
hand. Loomis falls to the ground, sobbing. Meeker grabs his 
gun and points it, but can only stare when he sees that 
it's Jamie. Richard comes up the stairs, quickly followed 
by Rachel. They both stop, stunned.

CLOSE ON:

Jamie. She raises the scissors into the air.

CUT TO BLACK!!!!


